Software 0.29 documentation (#756)
astronomer/docs: software/manage-airflow-versions.md

Canceling the Airflow upgrade process will NOT interrupt or otherwise impact your Airflow Deployment or code that's running with it. To re-initialize an upgrade, follow the steps above.

## Upgrade to a Hotfix Version of an Astronomer Image

To upgrade to the latest hotfix version of an Astronomer image, replace the image referenced in your `Dockerfile` with a pinned version that specifies a particular hotfix.

To upgrade to the latest Astronomer Certified 2.3.0 patch fix, for example, you would:

1. Check the AC [2.3.0 Changelog](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/1.10.10/CHANGELOG.md).
2. Identify the latest patch (e.g. `2.3.0-1`).
3. Pin the image in your Dockerfile to that patch version.

> In this case, that would be: `FROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:2.3.0-1-onbuild` (Debian).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, that would be: `FROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:2.3.5-onbuild` (Debian).
```

> > **Note:** If you're pushing code to an Airflow Deployment via the Astronomer CLI and install a new Astronomer image for the first time _without_ pinning a specific patch, the latest version available will automatically be pulled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you're pushing code to an Airflow Deployment via the Astro CLI and install a new Astronomer Certified image for the first time _without_ pinning a specific hotfix version, the latest version available will automatically be pulled.
```

>

> > If a patch release becomes available _after_ you've already built an Astronomer image for the first time, subsequent code pushes will _not_ automatically pull the latest corresponding patch. You must follow the process above to pin your image to a particular version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If a hotfix release becomes available _after_ you've already built an Astronomer Certified image for the first time, subsequent code pushes will _not_ automatically pull the latest corresponding hotfix. You must follow the process above to pin your image to a particular version.
```
